# Multi-Teacher Cross-Modal Distillation with Cooperative Deep Supervision Fusion Learning for Unimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation

Abstract
---
<p align="justify">
Accurate brain tumor segmentation is a labor-intensive and time-consuming task that requires automation to enhance its efficacy. Numerous techniques that incorporate convolutional neural networks and transformers have been proposed to automate this process, and they have demonstrated impressive results. However, these methods rely on a whole set of multi-modal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, which are often unavailable in realistic clinical settings, resulting in their sub-optimal performance. To improve the segmentation process on limited modalities, we have proposed a novel multi-teacher cross-modal knowledge distillation framework that uses the privileged multi-modal information during training while utilizing unimodal information for inference. We introduced two learning strategies for knowledge distillation: 1) performance-aware response-based knowledge distillation, and 2) cooperative deep supervision fusion learning (CDSFL). In the first strategy, we dynamically calculate the confidence weight for each teacher model, so that the knowledge distillation is based on its performance. Whereas, the CDSFL module improves the learning capability of multi-teacher models, by enabling them to learn from each other. Moreover, the fused information is distilled into the student model to improve its deep supervision. Our framework focuses on the unimodal segmentation of the $T_{1ce}$ MRI sequence, which is widely available in clinical settings, structurally similar to the $T_1$ modality, and contains sufficient information for segmentation. Extensive experiments on different datasets (such as BraTS-2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021) demonstrate that our framework outperforms previous methods on unimodal segmentation of the $T_{1ce}$ and $T_1$ modalities. For instance, our framework achieves dice scores of $91.56\%$ and $87.14\%$ on the BraTS-2021 dataset using $T_{1ce}$ modality for tumor core and whole tumor segmentation, respectively

</p>
